so I don't think most people go into academics to be rich. And if they
do, they're probably not very smart. Um, teachers on at all levels
are notoriously underpaid. Um, and I think that that's probably true,
You know, for me, I You know, I definitely feel like I work very hard,
Um, relative to the compensation that I receive. Andi, I think
that if I was just in it for the money, I probably would have quit long
ago because the compensation is just not there. Um, in terms of
being able toe live on my salary, I think that depends on a lot of things.
I mean, number one, I live in Southern California, which is one
of the most expensive places to live. And so, you know, given my
salary Yeah, I mean, it would it would be really tight. My husband,
I'm married and my husband also works. And so we're a dual income family,
and that allows us thio afford the life that we have. Um, if he
lost his job and we lost his income, um, I think we could make it,
but I think that our lives would be very much different than they are
right now. Um, on the other hand, I have a friend who is also a professor
and works at a State University. But she's in North Carolina
and she makes the same amount that I dio. But she essentially has
more money than I dio because her dollars go much farther because she's
in North Carolina. Eso if you look a, you know, housing prices.
If you look even that things just like groceries. Like, what's the cost
of milk and what's the cost of gas? Um, it's much lower in other
parts of the country. And so in Southern California in particular,
you know, we're just we have a very high cost of living. And so every
dollar doesn't go a Sfar. Um now that also, you know, what do you
mean by making it? Well, I mean, that also depends on the lifestyle
that you wanna lead. Um, my husband and I and our Children, we really
enjoy traveling, And so we try thio travel a much as we possibly can,
and we've gone to a lot of really great places of the family. We've
gone to Scotland and we've gone to Bali and we've gone to Brazil,
um, to name a few places. But we afford that by cutting back in other
places. So, you know, we live actually pretty simply, um and and
we use the money that we save from living simply thio put towards,
you know, other things like travel adventures, eso it's, you know, it's
kind of hard Thio say you know how much a given salary is gonna
afford because it really just depends on the kind of life that you wanna
live. If I wanted toe, you know, drive a really awesome fancy car
and eat out all the time and wear designer clothes and travel and,
you know, by a lot of stuff, then no, my salary would not allow for
that. But for the life that I do live, um, you know, I would say that
my salary is pretty good. I mean, I don't know about supporting,
like, the whole family on this salary. Um, although again, you know,
my husband and I have talked about it, and if his income was to just
evaporate, which is possible because he works in the private sector,
um, you know, it would be different and there would be things that
we would definitely have to cut, but I think we could get by on my
salary